





Community Service Website 
Read carefully and agree the terms below.

-By accepting the privacy and policy of the community service website you can change the deal within 15 days after that time you don’t have right to any changes.

Privacy Policy
Web developers built the Community Service website as a Free website for user not for who does had own work to be advertising here . This SERVICE is provided by Web developers at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Community Service unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The site does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

Our Site Link
Put the website link here!.

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the site  I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the site when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the site does not take any storage from your device, may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.


Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

The website contains definitions:
1-Home Page: refer to all services we have in this website 
2-Advertising: refer to advertise to whom it may like to advertising their work or jobs such doctors, lawyers and etc…
3-Departments: includes (Doctors, Lawyers, Building companies, Real estate agencies, Shops, Government offices, Tourist areas, JYM halls, Mall and Supermarket, Restaurants, Bakery, Cafe Games, Wedding halls, Book lab, Jewelry and jewelry, Cloths Shoes shops, Car rent and training, Photogarhpy companies, Gas stations, Cosmetic and beauty salon, Electronics, Labs and pharmacies, hospitals, Other services)
4-About: refer to what is the website containing and what does mean to the community.
5-Contact Us: refer to our contacts on social media.
6- Advertise with us: refer to advertising your work (Company, own work and so on…)
7-Feedback: refer to feedback to our work in general (your feedback help us to make any changes that make benefits to the community).
This policy is effective as of 2023
Lats update is 2024-1-1

Contact Us
phone:0750123456789
Email: info@CS.IRQ.com
WhatsApp: +7647507288491
Facebook: Create a link for Facebook page.
Instagram: put an Instagram link here.
Copyright all rights reserved 2024



